Good evening ladies and gentlemen
welcome everyone tonight
Special
[Music]
we will tell a little of our
story
songs that
tagged your made crazy fake it all by
you
I bet everything was for real
I forgot the world I just thought about you
but now I see it all over made me
believe but suler will swear not only
wanted to see me suffer
but it's ok who asks is you listen
now that i'll tell you i don't want you the
badly just want to remember that today tomorrow
can cry cry but knowing all that
I went to suffer face to face with
loneliness will call well but had to ask me
pardon
but I'll tell you not gonna cry
you can know everything I've been through but
suffer face to face with loneliness will call
well but asking me for forgiveness but reads but
i'll have to tell you no
the drink saturday maceió
[Applause]
[Music]
the effect of red wine with you
I bet everything was for real
forgotten in a sun
[Music]
but now time it's all over said
believe in the south the help of love and only
wanted to see me suffer
it's ok and ask you to listen now
I'll tell you if you don't want evil only
I want to remember that today and tomorrow can
cry
knowing everything I went through but suffered
face to face with the belly ball show and
ribs asking me for forgiveness will hurt but
i'll have to say don't know how everything
what I went through but suffer face to face
with the soul and very young ask me for forgiveness
it will hurt but i will tell you nothing
[Music]
had made crazy did everything to you
after had everything was
the forgotten world vallée i just thought of
you but now i see that it's all over me
made believe in south lauro swear to jamor and
just wanted to see me suffer but what else
it's all right up close you argue
now that I will tell you whether or not
I just want to remember who today and tomorrow 1st to
china but will know how everything will suffer
face to face with loneliness in play dough me
asking for forgiveness will hurt but i will
say won't know everything i went through
after the recall goes well but had ask me
sorry but i'll have to say
[Music]
the tram on
ah